 Welcome to Gaurishak's studio, Gaurish Akhi.
 We are in a very different direction.
 The number of people in Uppakethi, Arthais, is the number of people.
 So, in this direction, we are all here in our country.
 We are here to welcome Vidban Jagdishwarmas.
 So, we are happy to welcome you.
 Namaskar.
 I am sure that you have understood the situation of Mahabharata.
 If you want to know what you are doing, you have to come to Jagdhishwaram.
 So, it is a good idea to say this correctly.
 So, I have a question to ask you.
 If you have any questions, please write them in the comment box.
 Sir, first of all, I would like to ask you something.
 What is the meaning of Mahabharata?
 What is the meaning of Mahabharata?
 What is the meaning of Mahabharata?
 First of all, I would like to ask you something.
 First of all, the feeling of Mahabharata and the people of our generation are TV Mahabharata, TV Ramana.
 So, I would like to ask the elder for my answer.
 First of all, I would like to ask you something.
 The problem is that I would like to ask you something.
 My question is not only about that, jujjara's problem.
 The problem is that I would like to ask...
 A person would like to ask me when I would like to ask,
 and the question is that I should ask some questions for him.
 What do you want to ask from the colleagues?
 Do you want to ask the questions to the chief?
 Sir, any questions about him?
 Yes.
 So I came to answer your question from the game.
 The idea of the program is also different as itнаруж
 I should try to close the school in Karnataka
 I thought if I could actually go to the school
 But only then I remember the existence of Gwombar
 God, God, God, God, God, God, God and God
 Maybe, maybe, these people,
 you are not going to be a God but God
 But, in a way God,
 the human beings have the power to be a great great
 God, God, God, God, God, God, God
 God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God
 He also is like a small man
 He is a grand man, but he can't be a grand man
 Although he was a dominant person in that class
 Only the generation in the middle of our language
 He will be nicknamed as a dog
 It's ok when a dog is nicknamed as a king
 Ok, he will be nicknamed as a big friend
 Not a single one
 He will be nicknamed as a big friend
 But, all the ideas that we have, should not have been discussed,
 there is no other trick.
 But, I am assuming all the same.
 Yes, I have not had any idea about that.
 Where did you meet the girl?
 She came in at that time, right?
 There was not an idea, she came in the same way.
 She was able to meet her.
 She used to have her own idea.
 And she had a friend.
 With her.
 With her.
 She used to have a bowl of rice and rice,
 Bikshayo, Ratnavo, Hanno, Aaghi, Hoguaga
 or Halovo, Agenda, Hedan, Agenda
 That's wrong
 I don't know if it's true or not
 I don't know if it's true or not
 I don't know if it's true or not
 This is the only way